This huge PR adds proper SEO to all articles in the docs for better search engine indexing (#162)
golemfactory/golem-docs: src/pages/docs/creators/javascript/tutorials/quickstart-explained.md

---
title: Node.js Application Development on Golem Network

> description: Learn to create a JavaScript application using the Golem Network with our comprehensive guide, featuring hands-on steps for setting up Node.js projects and utilizing Task Executors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn to create a JavaScript application using the Golem Network with our tutorial where we explain the Quickstart example and steps for setting up Node.js projects and utilizing Task Executors.
```
